README.md, before:

```sh
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/button.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/sheet.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/menubar.json


npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/alert.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/avatar.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/badge.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/button.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/card.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/checkbox.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/dropdown-menu.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/form.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/input.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/label.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/navigation-menu.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/radio-group.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/select.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/separator.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/sheet.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/skeleton.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/table.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/tabs.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/textarea.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/dialog.json ;

npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/toast.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/calendar.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/image-card.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/carousel.json


```


```
now please use /home/dusoudeth/Documentos/github/compartilar/components/ui/data-table.tsx in /home/dusoudeth/Documentos/github/compartilar/app/(user)/[username]/financas/components/ExpenseList.tsx 
```

Commit message:

update home page features section; add feature image support and enhance styling

README.md, after:

```sh
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/button.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/sheet.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/menubar.json


npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/alert.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/avatar.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/badge.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/button.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/card.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/checkbox.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/dropdown-menu.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/form.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/input.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/label.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/navigation-menu.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/radio-group.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/select.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/separator.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/sheet.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/skeleton.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/table.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/tabs.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/textarea.json ;
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/dialog.json ;

npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/toast.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/calendar.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/image-card.json
npx shadcn@latest add https://neobrutalism.dev/r/carousel.json


```


```
please make "FEATURES SECTION" in /home/dusoudeth/Documentos/github/compartilar/app/page.tsx be a bit more neo-brutalist, not that exagerated please
```
